nip19: remove repeated sentence. (#1610)
nostr-protocol/nips: 19.md

## Notes

> - Clients should still accept keys in both hex and npub format for now, and convert internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I prefer to not have this otherwise people will think using npubs in `p` tags is ok, for example.

Author: I agree, but just moved the original sentence.

> - `npub` keys MUST NOT be used in NIP-01 events or in NIP-05 JSON responses, only the hex format is supported there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Unless otherwise specified, bech32 encodings MUST NOT be used in event tags, filters, NIP 05 documents, etc.
```

Author: Maybe can I remove it too?
